
# HtmlSaveOptionsData

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**colorMode** | **String** | Gets or sets a value determining how colors are rendered. { Normal | Grayscale} |  [optional]
**saveFormat** | **String** | format of save |  [optional]
**fileName** | **String** | name of destination file |  [optional]
**dmlRenderingMode** | **String** | Gets or sets a value determining how DrawingML shapes are rendered. { Fallback | DrawingML } |  [optional]
**dmlEffectsRenderingMode** | **String** | Gets or sets a value determining how DrawingML effects are rendered. { Simplified | None | Fine } |  [optional]
**zipOutput** | **Boolean** | Controls zip output or not. Default value is false. |  [optional]
**updateLastSavedTimeProperty** | **Boolean** | Gets or sets a value determining whether the Aspose.Words.Properties.BuiltInDocumentProperties.LastSavedTime property is updated before saving. |  [optional]
**updateSdtContent** | **Boolean** | Gets or sets value determining whether content of  is updated before saving. |  [optional]
**updateFields** | **Boolean** | Gets or sets a value determining if fields should be updated before saving the document to a fixed page format. Default value for this property is true |  [optional]
**allowNegativeIndent** | **Boolean** | Specifies whether negative left and right indents of paragraphs are allowed (not normalized) |  [optional]
**cssClassNamePrefix** | **String** | Specifies a prefix which is added to all CSS class names. Default value is an empty string and generated CSS class names have no common prefix.  If this value is not empty, all CSS classes generated by Aspose.Words will start with the specified prefix.This might be useful, for example, if you add custom CSS to generated documents and want to prevent class name conflicts. If the value is not null or empty, it must be a valid CSS identifier. |  [optional]
**cssStyleSheetFileName** | **String** | Specifies the name of the CSS file written when the document is exported to HTML |  [optional]
**cssStyleSheetType** | **String** | Specifies how CSS styles are exported |  [optional]
**documentSplitCriteria** | **String** | Specifies how the document should be split when saving |  [optional]
**documentSplitHeadingLevel** | **Integer** | Specifies the maximum level of headings at which to split the document |  [optional]
**encoding** | **String** | Specifies the encoding to use when exporting |  [optional]
**exportDocumentProperties** | **Boolean** | Specifies whether to export built-in and custom document properties |  [optional]
**exportDropDownFormFieldAsText** | **Boolean** | Controls how drop-down form fields are saved to HTML. Default value is false. |  [optional]
**exportFontResources** | **Boolean** | Specifies whether font resources should be exported |  [optional]
**exportFontsAsBase64** | **Boolean** | Specifies whether fonts resources should be embedded to HTML in Base64 encoding.  Default is false. |  [optional]
**exportHeadersFootersMode** | **String** | Specifies how headers and footers are output |  [optional]
**exportImagesAsBase64** | **Boolean** | Specifies whether images are saved in Base64 format |  [optional]
**exportLanguageInformation** | **Boolean** | Specifies whether language information is exported |  [optional]
**exportListLabels** | **String** | Controls how list labels are output |  [optional]
**exportOriginalUrlForLinkedImages** | **Boolean** | Specifies whether original URL should be used as the URL of the linked images. Default value is false. |  [optional]
**exportPageMargins** | **Boolean** | Specifies whether page margins is exported to HTML, MHTML or EPUB. Default is false. |  [optional]
**exportPageSetup** | **Boolean** | Specifies whether page setup is exported |  [optional]
**exportRelativeFontSize** | **Boolean** | Specifies whether font sizes should be output in relative units when saving |  [optional]
**exportRoundtripInformation** | **Boolean** | Specifies whether to write the roundtrip information when saving to HTML Default value is true. |  [optional]
**exportTextBoxAsSvg** | **Boolean** | Controls how textboxes represented by Aspose.Words.Drawing.Shape are saved to HTML, MHTML or EPUB. Default value is false.    When set to true, exports textboxes as inline \&quot;svg\&quot; elements. When false, exports as \&quot;image\&quot; elements. |  [optional]
**exportTextInputFormFieldAsText** | **Boolean** | Controls how text input form fields are saved |  [optional]
**exportTocPageNumbers** | **Boolean** | Specifies whether to write page numbers to table of contents when saving |  [optional]
**exportXhtmlTransitional** | **Boolean** | Specifies whether to write the DOCTYPE declaration when saving |  [optional]
**fontResourcesSubsettingSizeThreshold** | **Integer** | Controls which font resources need subsetting when saving |  [optional]
**fontsFolder** | **String** | Specifies the physical folder where fonts are saved when exporting a document |  [optional]
**fontsFolderAlias** | **String** | Specifies the name of the folder used to construct font URIs |  [optional]
**htmlVersion** | [**HtmlVersionEnum**](#HtmlVersionEnum) | Specifies version of HTML standard that should be used when saving the document to HTML or MHTML.   Default value is Aspose.Words.Saving.HtmlVersion.Xhtml. |  [optional]
**imageResolution** | **Integer** | Specifies the output resolution for images when exporting |  [optional]
**imagesFolder** | **String** | Specifies the physical folder where images are saved when exporting a document |  [optional]
**imagesFolderAlias** | **String** | Specifies the name of the folder used to construct image URIs |  [optional]
**metafileFormat** | [**MetafileFormatEnum**](#MetafileFormatEnum) | Specifies in what format metafiles are saved when exporting to HTML, MHTML, or EPUB.  Default value is Aspose.Words.Saving.HtmlMetafileFormat.Png, meaning that metafiles are rendered to raster PNG images.  Metafiles are not natively displayed by HTML browsers. By default, Aspose.Words converts WMF and EMF images into PNG files when exporting to HTML.Other options are to convert metafiles to SVG images or to export them as is without conversion. Some image transforms, in particular image cropping, will not be applied to metafile images if they are exported to HTML without conversion. |  [optional]
**officeMathOutputMode** | [**OfficeMathOutputModeEnum**](#OfficeMathOutputModeEnum) | Controls how OfficeMath objects are exported to HTML, MHTML or EPUB.  Default value is HtmlOfficeMathOutputMode.Image. |  [optional]
**prettyFormat** | **Boolean** | Specifies whether or not use pretty formats output |  [optional]
**resourceFolder** | **String** | Specifies a physical folder where all resources like images, fonts, and external CSS are saved when a document is exported to HTML. Default is an empty string. |  [optional]
**resourceFolderAlias** | **String** | Specifies the name of the folder used to construct URIs of all resources written into an HTML document.  Default is an empty string. |  [optional]
**scaleImageToShapeSize** | **Boolean** | Specifies whether images are scaled by Aspose.Words to the bounding shape size when exporting |  [optional]
**tableWidthOutputMode** | **String** | Controls how table, row and cell widths are exported |  [optional]


<a name="HtmlVersionEnum"></a>
## Enum: HtmlVersionEnum
Name | Value
---- | -----
XHTML | &quot;Xhtml&quot;
HTML5 | &quot;Html5&quot;


<a name="MetafileFormatEnum"></a>
## Enum: MetafileFormatEnum
Name | Value
---- | -----
PNG | &quot;Png&quot;
SVG | &quot;Svg&quot;
EMFORWMF | &quot;EmfOrWmf&quot;


<a name="OfficeMathOutputModeEnum"></a>
## Enum: OfficeMathOutputModeEnum
Name | Value
---- | -----
IMAGE | &quot;Image&quot;
MATHML | &quot;MathML&quot;
TEXT | &quot;Text&quot;



